[docs] Add info about enabling Developer options iOS Physical Device in local dev build (#30890)
expo/expo: docs/scenes/get-started/set-up-your-environment/instructions/iosPhysicalDevelopmentBuildLocal.mdx

Connect your iOS device to your Mac using a USB to Lightning cable. Unlock the device and tap **Trust** if prompted.

> Make sure you have enabled Developer Mode on your device. Not sure how? Visit [Apple's official documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/enabling-developer-mode-on-a-device) for guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have enabled Developer Mode on your device. See [Enable iOS developer mode with a Mac](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/ios-developer-mode/#connect-an-ios-device-with-a-mac) for instructions.
```
